Update README.md (#43)
Wynntils/Wynntils: README.md

========
> Artemis is the greek goddess of hunting and the moon, born of Zeus and Leto, twin of Apollo.

> This is a preliminary rewrite of <a href="httpss;//github.com/Wynntils/Wynntils"><b>Wynntils</b></a> in 1.18.2 using Architectury, to support both Fabric and Forge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a preliminary rewrite of **[Wynntils](https://github.com/Wynntils/Wynntils)** in 1.18.2 using Architectury, to support both Fabric and Forge.
```
